---
layout: post
title:  "General Training"
date:   2018-06-10 12:00:00 -0700
categories: [training, all]
---
## Identity Etiquette
- Remember: Make no assumptions about anyone’s identity
- Ask, “What are your pronouns?” (avoid the term “preferred”)
- “What’s your name?” or “What do you go by?”
    - We do not need legal names except for credit cards and Kids Camp
- Most conference center restrooms will be gender-neutral and/or determined by self-identity.
- You can [read more]({{ "/assets/allies_glaad.pdf" | relative_url }}) for Tips for Allies of Transgender People from GLAAD.

## Preparing for Your Volunteer Shift
- Wear whatever is most comfortable for you. Consider the family environment.
- Choose your footwear carefully—you may be on your feet a lot!
- Leave valuables at home. There is no locking storage area.
- Food will be available for purchase. You are welcome to bring your own snack.

## Keeping Commitments
-  Don’t leave conference computers or equipment unattended.
-  Please be on time and plan to stay for your entire shift.

## Volunteer coordinator
If you need to make a change, are going to be late, etc., please contact the volunteer coordinator:

Los Angeles:
* Danielle Hurwitz
  - dhurwitz@dveal.org
  - 626-216-6751 or 310-498-5140

## Thank you, thank you...
* Many people help make the Gender Odyssey conferences happen.
* We owe it to our volunteers for all of their hard work.
* Please do sign up and show up to your volunteer commitments.

**Yes, we really do need you!**

## ...thank you, thank you!
* Gender Odyssey is a life-changing experience.
* People find friends, and gain a better understanding of their families, themselves and of the transgender community.
* We are so grateful for your contribution to the conference.

**Remember to HAVE FUN at Gender Odyssey!**
